add warning notes on Docker setups (#5972)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/building-setup-linux.rst

Setup using Docker
==================

> .. note:: this is not recommended except for specail cases where an isolated build environment is required. Using this setup below will prevent the use of graphical elements in SITL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: this is not recommended except for special cases where an isolated build environment is required. Using this setup below will prevent the use of graphical elements in SITL unless custom options are added.
```

> .. note:: this is not recommended except for special cases where an isolated build environment is required. Using this setup below will prevent the use of graphical elements in SITL unless custom options are added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: This is not recommended except for special cases where an isolated build environment is required. Using this setup below will prevent the use of graphical elements in SITL unless custom options are added.
```

Author: easier to patch after merge
